Fixed bug, cleaned up topic (#615)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub/cloudhub-connector.adoc

CloudHub Connector v1.0

> 

Reviewer: Instructions for edit:

I have a small PR with perhaps too much churn for a peer review. Can you take a look?
https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-connectors/pull/615/files
Existing topic: https://docs.mulesoft.com/connectors/cloudhub/cloudhub-connector
Files to edit: Just the one
Type: Standard
Areas: Green
Whenever you get a chance.

The basic CloudHub configuration has the following properties:

Username:: The user of the Anypoint Platform account
Password:: The password of the given user

> Environment:: The CloudHub environment to use, by default, the environment defined as the default in Anypoint Platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environment:: The CloudHub environment to use (by default this is the environment defined as the default in Anypoint Platform)
```

Mule converts RELEASE to the latest version of the connector.

== List Available Environments

> Once the username and password are configured correctly, you can

Reviewer: once > after, for internationalization

retrieve the available environments for easier configuration.

image::cloudhub/cloudhub-environment-value-provider.gif[Available Environments]

== Use the CloudHub Environment

> To specify the environment to which to deploy the app, use the <<environment.id-sysprop,`environment.id`>> system property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the app deployment environment, use the <<environment.id-sysprop,`environment.id`>> system property.
```

 </flow>
----

.Configuring in Studio
image::cloudhub/cloudhub-create-notification.png[Creating a Notification]

[[listing-notifications]]
== List Notifications

To consume notifications, use the List Notifications operation.

This operation requires only that you specify the domain from which to retrieve notifications.
You can specify the domain using the <<domain-sysprop,`domain`>> system property.

You can also configure:

* Limit
+

> Specifies the number of notifications to retrieve, by default `-1`, which indicates all available notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the number of notifications to retrieve (default `-1`, which indicates all available notifications)
```

* Status
+

> Filters the notifications to retrieve (unread, read, or all), by default, only retrieves notifications marked as unread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the notifications to retrieve as unread, read, or all (default `unread`, which retrieves only notifications marked as unread
```

----

[[marking-notification]]
== Mark a Notification as Read

Use the Mark Notification operation to mark the notification as read. 

> Once a notification is consumed, mark a notification as read so that the next time notifications are read, only the unread ones are retrieved.

Reviewer: ditto re. "once"; GLOBAL consideration

The Mark Notification operation requires only the notification ID, which you can obtain from the `id` property of a <<notification-object,Notification object>>.

> .Example of Marking notifications as Read

Reviewer: Do you intend title-style caps for this caption?

[[listing-applications]]
== List Applications

> Using the connector, you can retrieve all available applications in the given environment. There is nothing required to configure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the connector, you can retrieve all available applications in the given environment. No configuration is required. 
```
